how's it going
such time no come on when jam sesh time
arrives we have to put us
I have to close the shop I'm sorry Frank
I held off on raising your rent as long
as I could I mean it's time my girl
starts UCLA in the fall you can't make
your heart feel like what it's just a
bunch at work I want it that way they
want what what way I'm sorry are you
bringing up the Backstreet Boys it's
actually a pretty good shot we don't
always get to do what we love though we
need to love what we do
I never realized that was your secret
you know since I was like 12 I don't
want to be in a band and even if I did
I'm not gonna be in one with my dad you
told me what is this new India mix on
Spotify this is my band
you guys this is my man
this is my man I hate so what do I do
now
I mean we could write another song this
is so good
you wrote this yeah my dad Sam talks to
me now like she's the adult it's just
her way of making it easier for you and
I need
maybe you could take a year off and
we'll see what happens are you
suggesting that I don't go to college
that I can stay and be in a band with
you you have the same thing that your
mother had and if you were here right
now I've been here my whole life I don't
want something it's time to get away
let's just do our thing what thing we've
never done this before this is just what
we always do
just in front of some people hey that's
what bands too right
[Music]